Budapest's great Market Hall dates to
1896 it's a draw for both tourists and
the locals in search of the very best in
fresh food and delicacies located just
blocks from our Viking ships I'm
exploring it with my friend Agnes today
we're preparing one of Hungary's
national dishes the hearty ghoulish a
meaty soup that originated with the
region's herdsmen or Ghoulia's it's a
favorite that quickly spread throughout
Europe we're back and we're ready to
cook our goulash and it's a typical it's
a typical Hungarian dish first we need
onions the onion gives the stew place
and consistency so now we're gonna saute
the onions in vegetable oil how much
salt in one space and just a little bit
and cover we got our cuts to beef and
cube it
okay so we've cut our meat and how we're
gonna add paprika so before adding
paprika always remove the pot from the
heat but this is not spicy this is a
Swiss solution yes we're gonna add
peppercorns and bay leaves
and the meat we're gonna add water now
okay just to cover two more things to
add one sweet pepper and one tomato
okay and cover and simmer always low
heat now we have time to clean the
vegetables
okay now we're gonna make chipeska
noodles so we need one egg but we'll be
use only a third of this egg all right
add some salt please
so you're taking out mm leaving one
third now I will add the flour and you
will use your fingers to knead the dough
after a while you will be able to push
and roll just need it's just needed you
know it's starting to come together but
it does start off as a very messy
zipping always add some on the play
because they are sticky so just one
small pinch roll mm-hmm
that's it they look like tic tacs
yes stick back yeah about the same size
and about the same dimensions it cooks
very fast we will add these just five
minutes before finishing the soup mm-hmm
now it's time to add the veggies mmm
nice good smells really good let's see
if the meats and it's Uganda
perfect so it's time to add possums
carrots garlic and caraway seeds we add
teaspoon of ground carrot seed and the
soup place more water mmm not too much
when parsnips and carrots are half
tender potatoes go in you'll smells good
better and better Lucius so let's taste
one potato mmm
right soft so please add them cheap at
Cancun's
just 5 minutes and they are done okay
that was the last step and now we get to
the best part
yes sure we go and eat let's go
you